END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR 
MIRTH CONNECT ADMINISTRATOR LAUNCHER SOFTWARE

IMPORTANT--READ CAREFULLY: This End-User License Agreement 
("Agreement") is a legal contract between you (either an 
individual or a single business entity) and NextGen
Healthcare, Inc. (“NextGen Healthcare”) for the software
product identified above, which includes computer software
and, as applicable, associated media, printed materials, and
"online" or electronic documentation (the "Software").

BY CLICKING THE [ENTER] OR [ACCEPTED] ICON BELOW, OR BY 
INSTALLING, COPYING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING
THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS, LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND
TERMINATION PROVISIONS BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE
TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE
SOFTWARE, AND EXIT NOW.

Background

NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE has produced a computer program for its
own use and for the use of interested customers providing
users a replacement for Java Web Start and an easy way to
securely launch the Mirth® Connect Administrator on their
local workstations (the "Software"). The Software is
provided by NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE to customers primarily as a
convenience at this time. The terms of this Agreement will
apply to your use of the Software, including any revisions
or new releases NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE may provide you at any
time.

Terms

License Grant

NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE hereby grants to you, and you accept, a 
nonexclusive, personal license to use the Software, provided
in machine-readable, object-code form, only as authorized in
this Agreement. No source code will be provided and/or made
available to You.

You agree that you will not assign, sublicense, transfer,
pledge, lease, rent, or share your rights under this
Agreement. You agree that you will not reverse assemble,
reverse compile or otherwise translate the Software.

You may not rent, lease or lend the Software.

Upon loading the Software into your computer, you may
retain, for backup purposes, one copy of the Software. Any
copies of the Software or any related user documentation
shall include NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE's copyright and other
proprietary notices. Except as authorized under this
paragraph, no copies of the Software or any portions thereof
may be made by you or any person under your authority or
control.

License Fees

The Software is provided without charge. Other fees, if any,
are payable only as separately stipulated by NEXTGEN
HEALTHCARE and agreed to, in writing, by Customer.

Proprietary Rights

The Software and related user documentation are proprietary 
products of NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE protected under U.S.
copyright law. All right, title, and interest in and to the
Software, including associated intellectual property rights,
are and shall remain with NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE. This Agreement
does not convey to you an interest in or to the Software,
but only a limited right of use revocable in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement.

Feedback/Submissions

You are asked to report any error or malfunction in the
Software to NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE. Although NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE
assumes no legal obligation with respect to your use of the
Software, it is NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE's intent that errors and
malfunctions will be addressed through reasonable corrective
efforts based on priorities and available resources NEXTGEN
HEALTHCARE may assign to such errors or malfunctions.

Should you decide to transmit to NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE's Web
site by any means or by any media any materials or other
information (including, without limitation, ideas, concepts
or techniques for new or improved services and products),
whether as information, feedback, data, questions, comments,
suggestions or the like, you agree such submissions are
unrestricted and shall be deemed non-confidential and you
automatically grant NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE and its assigns a
nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual,
irrevocable license, with the right to sublicense, to use,
copy, transmit, distribute, create derivative works of,
display and perform the same.

Term

This Agreement is effective upon the earlier of your
execution of this Agreement or your first use of the
Software, and shall continue until terminated. NEXTGEN
HEALTHCARE may terminate this Agreement upon 30 days prior
notice at any time, or immediately in the event of any
breach by you of any term hereof. Upon any termination, you
agree to return to NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE the Software and all
copies and portions thereof or certify permanent deletion of
all copies of the Software within your control.

No Warranties

NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE provides no support for the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS, WHERE IS," WITHOUT ANY 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, 
WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, EXPRESS, IMPLIED
OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTEES,
CONDITIONS OR WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
ACCURACY, OR IMPLIED BY THE PROVISIONS OF ANY LAWS. NEXTGEN
HEALTHCARE DOES NOT AND CANNOT WARRANT THE
PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY USING THE
SOFTWARE OR SUCH FILES. Without any limitation, Company
does not: (A) warrant that the Software will be complete,
accurate, uninterrupted, free of Viruses, error free, or
that any error can be corrected, or (B) guarantees or
agrees to ensure that any Software will comply with
applicable Laws.

Backward compatibility of future releases, if any, is not 
guaranteed.

Please remember that any use of computers is subject to a 
likelihood of human and machine errors, omissions, delays
and losses, including loss or corruption of data or media.
You should adopt such measures as you believe proper to
limit the impact of those problems, including backing up
data and verifying the accuracy of input data; examining and
confirming results prior to use; and adopting procedures to
identify and correct errors and omissions, replace lost or
damaged media, and reconstruct data.

Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or 
limitation of incidental, consequential or special damages,
or the exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on how
long a given warranty may last, so the above limitations may
not apply to you.

Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of 
California.

U.S. Government Restricted Rights

The Software and documentation are provided with RESTRICTED 
RIGHTS. Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is 
subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph
(c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer
Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs
(c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software -- 
Restricted Rights at 48 C.F.R. 52.227-19, as applicable.

Miscellaneous

In the event that any of the terms of this Agreement is or
becomes or is declared to be invalid or void by any court or
tribunal of competent jurisdiction, such term or terms shall
be null and void and shall be deemed severed from this
Agreement and all the remaining terms of this Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect.

THIS AGREEMENT IS THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF
NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE'S OBLIGATIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES TO
YOU AND SUPERSEDES ANY OTHER PROPOSAL, REPRESENTATION, OR
OTHER COMMUNICATION BY OR ON BEHALF OF NEXTGEN
HEALTHCARE RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF.